# Quantum Computing
The theory of computation has been extensively developed during the last few decades. Computers have provided reliable solutions for a myriad of community's seemingly unsolvable problems. Notwithstanding, various complicated problems have been continuously introduced to society as it never stops growing and becomes more complex. Even though technology nowadays has been steady advancing to approach the demands of society, whereas such steady progress has its limitation since many of those problems are intricate to model or appear to require time-intensive solutions. This phenomenon implies to the necessity of a new computing revolution since classical computation no longer has an ability to reach the increased demand. 

According to Moore's law, the computational power of computers would dramatically increase approximately every two years. The theory can be proven real since the size of transistors has rapidly become smaller to a few nanometres. This results in a higher number of transistors mounted on an integrated circuit. The laws of classical physics do not function with objects with such small size. Thus, quantum computing becomes a next solution to deal with these complex problems.

Quantum computing is the revolution. Although it is a relatively new field of research, this technology has the potential to introduce the world of computing to a new stage where certain computationally intense problems can be solved with a shorter amount of processing time. One can consider quantum computing as the art of utilising all the possibilities that the laws of quantum physics contribute to solving computational problems while classical computers merely use a minuscule subset of these possibilities. However, quantum computers are not a replacement for conventional computers as quantum mechanics only improve the computing efficiency for certain types of computation.

This research report delivers a brief glimpse into the world of quantum computers and the laws of quantum mechanics applied to this entirely new type of computer. It will also introduce the fundamental concepts of the field along with exploring quantum computing in practice using Language-Integrated Quantum Operations (LIQUi|>). This report concludes with experience evaluation in the quantum computing research in relation to the content of the unit (Programming Paradigms).
